What the page is created Let's now look at this tap's navigation.
For this I will actually go to the tap's HDMI files to the template of this tap's page get rid of all
the content in there and instead add the iron tabs component.
You probably recognize this from the first app we build where we also use tabs.
We have two tabs an hour app the everywhere we'll add to tap tap.
I should say components in this end taps Reppert component and the first tap should load my shopping
list page.
So here I will bind the root property to a property I have yet to create and is tap's component name
the property as Al page for a shopping list page.
I will store a reference to this page in this property then.
And I also want to have the on this tab.
Now you can look up those icons in the official documentation dear's I can repository I showed you in
the first ep of fitting I can here actually is the list box Iott and in my opinion of course.
Feel free to choose a different Ike and for this I also want to set up a title for this tab.
You could of course also use.
I can only add the title will be shopping list because well this is what these tab stores are where
it leads to I should say all the bind property of the second tab.
Here I want to point to the recipe's page property which I also have to create which will hold a reference
to the recipe's page and there I want to set about Eicken of type book or with the name book which is
as well.
Nice book.
I can which fits really well to a recipe book in my opinion.
And then the tap title should be recipes.
So if data two taps are set up now I need to add those properties I'm referencing in my template in
the body of this component here.
And the tab start TS file.
I will also remove the unnecessary boilerplate which I don't need right now.
So today I have a bare minimum component here and then I'll add the S L page property and this should
store a reference to the shopping list page.
So make sure to import a shopping list page from the appropriate folder in the pages folder.
And also well make sure to assign it to s al page and the same for the recipes page which you guessed
it should hold a reference to the recipes page because that's my second page.
I want to be able to navigate to also make sure to add does import.
Well and finally to really hook this all up and use those tabs page as our root page and our root navigation
stack and we'll go to the app component.
And here the root page is currently set to your home page.
So I will switch just to tap's page home page of course doesn't exist anymore.
So make sure to also remove the import to home page and also make sure to add the import to Tapps page.
Since we're using this now well and with this we're setting we're assigning does tabs page to read page
property which just bring this back into memory.
We use in our app template and the template of the root component here when we set up our root navigation
stack and we've said Tedward good to go on Stern is already running for me here.
So if I save this we should now be able to go to the running application and reload this year and have
two taps at the bottom shopping list recipes and it can indeed navigate between the two different pages.
Now the theming is of course different 2D example application and there's no reason to change just a
day and so we can adjust the theming on our own.
Now what I will do is I will tell you the color code I actually used and with that it would be your
task to make sure that you add just the global theming.
So here you can see the colors I use in the finished application.
You should be able to figure out where to use those color codes in order to change the general feeling
of this app in the next lecture.
We're going to change that theming together.